Update syncpoint doc (#16512)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-upstream-downstream-check.md

> **Note:**
>

> > Before you perform consistent snapshot read, make sure that you have [enabled the Syncpoint feature](#enable-syncpoint). If multiple replication tasks use the same downstream TiDB cluster and have Syncpoint enabled, each of these tasks will update `tidb_external_ts` and `ts-map` based on their respective replication progress. In this case, you need to set up consistent snapshot read at the replication task level by reading records from the `ts-map` table. Meanwhile, you need to avoid downstream applications reading data using `tidb_enable_external_ts_read`, because multiple replication tasks might interfere with each other and result in inconsistent results.

Author: ```suggestion
> Before you perform consistent snapshot read, make sure that you have [enabled the Syncpoint feature](#enable-syncpoint). If multiple replication tasks use the same downstream TiDB cluster and have Syncpoint enabled, each of these tasks updates `tidb_external_ts` and `ts-map` based on their respective replication progress. In this case, you need to set up consistent snapshot read at the replication task level by reading records from the `ts-map` table. Meanwhile, you need to avoid downstream applications reading data using `tidb_enable_external_ts_read`, because multiple replication tasks might interfere with each other and result in inconsistent results.
```
